= Yahoo! Site Explorer

The {Yahoo! Site Explorer}[http://siteexplorer.search.yahoo.com/] service provides access to Yahoo!'s information about web pages.  The service stores information about links between web pages and and can gauge the popularity of a given page.

The {Site Explorer APIs}[http://developer.yahoo.com/search/siteexplorer/] are limited to 5,000 queries per IP address per day and to noncommercial use. See information on {rate limiting}[http://developer.yahoo.com/search/rate.html].

== Installation

To install, simply:

    gem install site-explorer


== Example

The following example queries Yahoo! Site Explorer for backlinks (inlink data) information about 'http://www.yahoo.com':

    require 'yahoo_site_explorer'
    
    service   = YahooSiteExplorer.new('1234--MyAPIKeyHere=abcd--')
    backlinks = service.backlinks('http://www.yahoo.com')
    
    puts backlinks.total_results_available  #=> 941822
    puts backlinks.results.first.title      #=> 'HTML page title'
    puts backlinks.results.first.url        #=> 'http://www.example.com/'
    puts backlinks.results.first.click_url  #=> 'http://www.example.com/'
    
    # Uses a cursor, requeries Yahoo! as necessary, and steps through all
    # results.
    backlinks.each do |link|
      puts link.title
    end

== Supported Services

This library supports the following endpoints for the Yahoo! Site Explorer web service:

Inlink Data::
  Shows the pages from other sites linking in to a page.

Page Data::
  Shows a list of all pages belonging to a domain in the Yahoo! index.

=== Unsupported Services

The following endpoints are not currently supported by this library:

Ping::
  Allows you to notify Yahoo! of changes to your site.

Update Notification::
  Allows you to notify Yahoo! of changes to your site.

== Copyright

Yahoo! Site Explorer is owned, operated, and copyrighted (c) by Yahoo Inc.

Copyright (c) 2009 Nathaniel Bibler. See LICENSE for details.
